Final Project Submission for CS50's Web Programming with Python and Javascript Course

The website is called Thoughtful. It's purpose is to provide a place for people to explore different questions on their own, and see what conclusions they come to. The javascript UI allows users to create questions, and respond with arguments for or against that question. They can then respond to their arguments, creating a tree. A user can establish whether a response is for or against, and show how significant that response is by placing it a certain distance down the divider line. The hope is that user's might get a chance to become more educated on hard topics and come to their own conclusions rather than accepting what others say, and learn from others who have already done the work.

On the surface, this website is not much more complex in its structure from a social media site. What makes this project more complex than previous one's is its detailed UI, allowing users to design trees of data with ease. Adding an element to your tree is as easy as clicking and dragging, traversing is a simple double click, and deleting is just the delete key. If you want to traverse backwards or save your work, the sidebar pulls out easily. Your work is also saved any time you traverse, making for a comfortable, safe work experience. Smaller devices lose minimal accessability, and a great deal more attention to the aesthetic of this project was given as well. In short, the detail that went into the front end of this project and the connectivity from the complex front end to the back end are what makes this project more complex than all previous projects and deserving of a passing grade.